Adding documentation for tabs and containers (#206)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user_guides/tabs.md

# How to use tabs

This guide show how to effectively utilize tabs to organize and present content within your dashboard.

In the [`Page`][vizro.models.Page] model, you can utilize the `components` argument to incorporate [`Tabs`][vizro.models.Tabs] model.

## Creating a Tabs model

`Tabs` model has `tabs` argument that accepts a list of `Container` models. Each `Container` visually corresponds to an individual tab within the tabbed interface.

To create and add tabs to your page, do the following steps:

> 1. Configure your `components`, see our guide on [Containers](containers.md).
> 2. Assign the previously configured `components` to the `tabs` argument of the [`Tabs`][vizro.models.Tabs] model. This creates the connection between your page and the organized tab structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the [`Tabs`][vizro.models.Tabs] model to the `components` argument of the page you are working
2. Add a list of [`Container`][vizro.models.Container] model to the `tabs` argument of the [`Tabs`][vizro.models.Tabs] model - the length of the list will be the number of tabs
3. Configure the `components` argument for every [`Container`][vizro.models.Container] model, see also our guide on [Containers](containers.md)
```

Would double check the above for details though, but I think like this it is even more prescriptive

        )

        dashboard = vm.Dashboard(pages=[page])

        Vizro().build(dashboard).run()
        ```
    === "app.yaml"
        ```yaml
        # Still requires a .py to register data connector in Data Manager and parse yaml configuration
        # See from_yaml example
        pages:
        - components:
            -tabs:
              - components:
                  - figure:
                      _target_: scatter
                      data_frame: iris
                      x: sepal_length
                      y: petal_width
                      color: species
                    type: graph
                type: container
                title: Tab 1
              - components:
                  - figure:
                      _target_: scatter
                      data_frame: iris
                      x: sepal_length
                      y: petal_width
                      color: species
                    type: graph
                type: container
                title: Tab 2
              type: tabs
          title: Page Title
        ```
    === "Result"
        [![Page]][Page]

    [Page]: ../../assets/user_guides/pages/page_sunburst.png

!!! note

>     `title` of the `Container` models will appear as title of individual tab components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `title` argument of the `Container` models will appear as the title of the individual tab components
```

Reviewer: But maybe we can slot this note into bullet point three above. I think it dies not necessarily need its own note at the bottom of the page
